why do you think it's so difficult for
people to learn that the dream of a
worker's Paradise that's predicated on
something like radical equality almost
inevitably degenerates into perhaps
inevitably degenerates into something so
murderous that you can't even comprehend
it because I think it speaks to the
inherent narcissism of intellectuals
because we're the ones who are going to
do it right they didn't have me to run
ship they had dumb people oh if only I'm
I'm sure you see this every single day
with any facult any kind of
administration any college we're the one
everyone else is stupid but me if I was
in charge of this ship we'd land it to
shore safely and happily